What is the name of the three-headed dog in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone? 
Grumpy
Alagog
Fluffy
Harky
Fluffy
What spell did Ginny Weasley use to destroy the dummy in the Room of Requirement?
Crucio
Expelliarmus
Expecto Patronum
Reducto
Reducto
What are the names of the Deathly Hallows?
The Disillusionment Cloak, the Fire Wand, the Ressurection Stone
The Cloak of Invisibility, the Resurrection Stone, the Wand of Edoch
The Cape of Rintok, The Life Stone, the Elder Wand
The Cloak of Invisibility, the Resurrection Stone, the Elder Wand
The Cloak of Invisibility, the Resurrection Stone, the Elder Wand
What is Harry Potter's street name? 
Gundalow Crescent
Privet Drive
Sallow Way
Reindow Path
Privet Drive
What is the creature that revealed the secret of the Basilisk?
A Grindylow
Aragog the Arachnid
Sundri the Dragon
Ruddy the Hungarian Horntail
Aragog the Arachnid
What is the language of the snakes? 
Serpentine
Parseltongue
Slytherinian
Senthian
Parseltongue
Who does the Sword of Gryffindor appear to?
Those who do not deserve it
Those who require it
Those who are worthy of it
Those who are students at Hogwarts and are in Slytherin House
Those who are worthy of it
Which of these options are Horcruxes? 
Rowena Ravenclaw's Diadem, Tom Riddle's wand, the Basilisk Fang
Slytherin's Wallet, Helga Hufflepuff's Pot, Harry Potter
Nagini the snake, Tom Riddle's Diary, Rowena Ravenclaw's Diadem
Nagini the snake, Harry Potter's wand, the Elder wand
Nagini the snake, Tom Riddle's Diary, Rowena Ravenclaw's Diadem
Which of these characters were the masters of the Elder wand?
Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter, Rowena Ravenclaw
Severus Snape, Lord Voldemort, Harry Potter
Harry Potter, Ollivander, Minerva McGonnagal 
Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy, Albus Dumbledore
Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy, Albus Dumbledore
What is the last thing that Albus Dumbledore said to Remus Lupin and Kingsley Shacklebolt?
Bye
Harry is the best hope we have, trust him
Snape is not to be trusted
Leave at once, do not speak of this to anyone.
Harry is the best hope we have, trust him
